[FEATURE] #96515 - Add aliases to Backend Routes and Modules (#1989)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ExtensionArchitecture/HowTo/BackendModule/ModuleConfiguration.rst

          'anotherAllowedProperty' => true,
      ],

.. confval:: aliases

   :Scope: Backend module configuration
   :type: array

   List of identifiers that are aliases to this module. Those are added as route

>    aliases, which allows to use them for building links, e.g. with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   aliases, which allows to use them for building links, for example with the
```
Please avoid abbreviations
